Bitch-sensei, those presents we got yesterday are fantastic!
Yeah, our new P.E. gear really kicks things up a notch!
I proposed a design for those, you know.
That Karasuma wanted the same style for both boys and girls!
The Karasuma
m -100 -50 b -100 -98 -98 -100 -50 -100 l 50 -100 b 98 -100 100 -98 100 -50 l 100 50 b 100 98 98 100 50 100 l -50 100 b -98 100 -100 98 -100 50 l -100 -50
The Irina
The Compromise
Sure glad we didn't go with the Irina.
It's cute, but it's a little lacking in defense.
That man just doesn't get women.
He never even gave me a present!
Huh?
Oh, that's right. Four days ago, October 10th...
...was Bitch-sensei's birthday!
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life
7th Period Kataoka Megu Reaper Time, Part 1
In the past,
I've had plenty of sugar daddies give me all kinds of pricey gifts.
But now,
Irina Karasuma
m 384 163 l 382 191 504 192 499 178 503 175 509 181 519 173 509 166 504 163
m 393 60 l 499 60 499 93 393 93
any gift not from him is just worthless junk.
And I still can't get a hold of Lovro-sensei.
Ugh. I couldn't feel more alone.
Bitch-sensei, teach us more conversational French!
Megu...
That's right. You wanted to work overseas, didn't you?
Yes. Or something along those lines.
Oh, all right, then.
Have a seat—
Say, isn't the weather nice? Let's do it outside!
Huh? Why—
C'mon, now, let's go!
Geez, if we weren't here to push 'em along...
We've successfully separated those two.
Fingers crossed for the birthday-present-buying squad.
But what can we do?
Bitch-sensei's probably already gotten just about every gift there is.
It's a tough one.
Between everyone in class who pitched in, we have 5,107 yen.
What's a good present for a grown woman we could buy with this?
I knew it!
Hey, you guys!
Did everything turn out okay? You know, with the old guy's leg?
Oh, you're the florist who called the ambulance!
Thank you so much for your help. He found it in his heart to forgive us.
Ah. I'm glad it wasn't anything serious.
And now you'd like to find a gift— something for a grown-up?
Oh, yes.
How about something like this?
I get it! A bouquet!
In this age, with more presents to choose from than ever before,
why do you think flowers are still a popular go-to gift?
It's not just about heart.
With their color, shape, fragrance, and even their very impermanence,
they appeal perfectly to humans on an instinctual level.
Wow, that's pretty persuasive!
A very fine speech indeed...
somewhat spoiled by the calculator in your hand.
Well, uh, it is a business.
So what'll it be?
It's flowery fate! I'll cut you a deal.
And then what? What magic word slays French guys?
Geez, Touka, you're hanging on my every word today.
I'm just really curious, that's all!
Bitch-sensei, play piano for us later, like you did before!
Bitch-sensei, strike one of your killer poses!
No fair! I was first!
What...
What's with me today? I'm so popular!
All right, bring it on! I'll deal with every last one of you!
Just try not to get turned on, you rotten brats!
A bouquet for Irina's birthday?
Why me? She'd be happier to get it from you.
Wow. Is he really that clueless?
Karasuma-sensei, if you consider that bitch a vital asset,
wouldn't winning your colleague over be a big part of your job?
Oh, and don't tell her where it came from, okay?
You do have a point.
All right, I'll do it. Thank you for your concern.
m 628 462 l 732 349 769 380 668 495
Prep OK Prep OK m 628 462 l 732 349 769 380 668 495
Prep OK Prep OK
Bitch-sensei, we just remembered something we have to do.
Sorry, maybe next time!
Huh? Wait—
Hey! Why's everyone leaving all of a sudden?
What is all this?
I just don't get it.
It's looped right back to being a lonely day again!
Hey, Karasuma, listen to this!
Those brats—
Nice timing, Irina.
Karasuma?
Happy birthday.
No way...
From you?
Sorry I'm late. Things got busy.
No, this is lovely. Thank you.
This is really something, coming from you.
You don't have anything else up your sleeve, right?
I do want to mark the occasion.
This is probably our first and last birthday together.
What do you mean, "our first and last"?
It stands to reason. Either we complete our mission, or the world ends.
One of those two will happen.
And either way, it'll all be over in under six months.
Uh-oh.
You caught us.
I figured it was something like this.
There's no way that stick-in-the-mud would come up with flowers on his own.
Did you enjoy yourselves?
Stringing along a pro assassin? Watching her get her hopes up?
That's not it, Irina-sensei.
The students acted out of pure goodwill to—
You're not convincing anybody, octorazzi!
How could I forget?
This is merely a business relationship.
I've just been playing school with these brats in their peaceful world.
You've opened my eyes.
Thank you. It was the best present you could've given me.
Hey—
Bitch-sensei!
Karasuma-sensei, wasn't that a little cold?
Don't tell us you still haven't noticed!
Do I really look that dense to you?
Huh?
You may think I'm heartless, but if she can't keep her cool,
I'll simply hire another assassin.
If her blade can be blunted by matters of romance, she's not qualified to work here at all.
That's all there is to it.
Karasuma-sensei...
Argh, dammit! That pisses me off!
That Kara—no, Crapsuma! That Crapsuma!
Ugh, it's so hard to say!
But perhaps the time has come.
I doubt I'll be able to score any kills here with my current skillset.
Bitch-sensei hasn't come to school since.
Day three, huh?
Maybe we went too far.
Call me if anything happens with Irina-sensei.
I've got to get to Brazil to take in a soccer match!
Samba-bye!
That's right. He'd had his mind set on attending the final today for a while now.
Korosensei's Weak Point #28:
Not quite sure what "our brand of soccer" is
He's your typical once-every-four-years bandwagoner.
Pressing forward with the player's own power!
Most of the time, he's a baseball fan.
I wonder if Bitch-sensei is okay.
No good. I can't get through.
There's no sign of her via GPS tracking or public surveillance cameras.
She wouldn't leave over something like this, would she?
That's not it.
She still has a job to do.
Yeah. It's fun having her around.
Yes, you've bonded nicely, you and her.
My preliminary research has already verified that much.
All I'll do is exploit that.
It was so casual,
the way this man just insinuated himself into our classroom.
I'm the assassin known as the Reaper.
And now I have a lesson for you all.
Assassination Classroom Second Season Shiota Nagisa
What the...
This guy...
A flower's beauty negates human caution and opens the heart.
Just like I told you and the others, Nagisa-kun.
But the original reason flowers evolved to be lovely and fragrant—
Ritsu-san, bring up the image I sent you—
was to attract insects.
Bitch-sensei!
I'll cut to the chase.
If you want to keep her alive,
you must all come to the location I will specify—
and not a word to your teachers.
You don't have to if you don't want to. I can send her to you.
I'll make sure you each receive an equally-sized piece.
And my next flower
will likely be one of you.
I can't bring myself to be wary of him.
That's when I first realized
what doesn't inspire fear should be feared the most.
Hey, now, buddy...
We have no real obligation to save that bossy bitch. Plus...
Did you think we wouldn't just give you a beatdown right here,
you kidnapper?
That's incorrect, Terasaka-kun. Wrong on all counts.
You all like her more than you think.
And a human could never cut down the Reaper.
Fear not. It's just the Reaper going about his harvest.
"Come as a class to the location on the map by six o'clock tonight."
This is just like with Takaoka and Shiro.
That guy must be looking to take us hostage and draw out Korosensei.
Dammit!
We usin' these?
It's to protect someone... right?
World's greatest assassin or not,
we won't let his plans go off without a hitch!
Is that the way in?
I did a loop-around from above. No sign of anyone in the area.
Pretty ominous... Ritsu, if we're not back by midnight,
tell Korosensei what's going on.
I will. Stay safe, everyone.
Let's go!
Big space he's got here.
That all of you?
Okay, then. I'm closing it up.
Hmm. So you can tell what we're up to.
Reaper? More like Peeper, if you ask me.
We kept our end of the bargain.
Just give back Bitch-sensei and it'll all be over!
Wh-What the?!
The whole room... is going down?
Trapping complete!
Doing it all at once like this keeps the risk to a minimum.
Bitch-sensei!
Dammit!
It's all right. If he comes quietly, no one gets killed.
You won't snap and start killing us if we resist?
Of course not. You're a little too scared, even for a kid.
Actually, I'm a little relieved.
Here! It sounds hollow here!
A shaped charge!
Smoke-screen capsules!
Oh?
Right! Now you're talking!
Now for the moment of truth.
Can you hear me, E Class?
The truth is, I'm very pleased you escaped.
It'll be a fine warm-up before I head into uncharted territory.
I expect great things from you.
It's like... a game.
This is different to Takaoka-sensei's simple vindictiveness.
We can't see the Reaper's true face.
Hmm... Seven to one.
Test Questions Test Questions Test Questions
Yes, a seven-to-one ratio of X to Y gives us a lovely math problem.
Test Questions Seven to one, seven to one... There.
Note: Germany defeated Brazil 7-1 in the 2014 FIFA World Cup semi-finals
Mineirão... Sete a um...
Hey, big guy!
You lookin' for a fight?!
I-I seem to have angered the local residents!
Could there be any special circumstances?
Let me just ask Maehara-kun. He knows a lot about soccer.
The party you have dialed is currently out of range, or—
Huh? Isogai-kun, then?
Hinata-san and Terasaka-kun won't pick up either.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
It's a promising new star!
Our redeemer!
Let's intercept him here. No matter which direction he comes from,
we'll have the upper hand if we outnumber him.
Back us up, Ritsu.
Don't feel like it. Not like I'm gonna defy the Reaperman.
I'd sooner turn off than do any work.
She's been hacked!
The Reaper...
Wha—
I can't make him out.
This is the skill of an assassin!
That jerk!
He's just waltzin' right up!
The first skill I honed upon becoming an assassin
was head-on combat.
It's ninety-nine percent unnecessary in this trade,
but without it, the remaining one percent of targets would get away.
If you're looking to be the world's best assassin...
it's indispensable.
Females are so very fragile.
Can't be treating the rest of my hostages so carelessly.
Move aside, everyone.
I'll take him.
Nagisa-kun...
That sound was the frame of her super P.E. clothes absorbing the impact.
The Reaper thought it was her ribs breaking.
He thinks that's what has me so furious.
But I am angry.
My anger will quell my bloodlust and avenge us all.
I just need to bring my hands together!
Huh?
Uh-oh. We're no match for him.
The clap stunner. For you and Lovro, it's simple misdirection.
But there's a whole other level to that skill.
Human consciousness has a wavelength:
the higher the peaks, the more sensitive one is to stimulation.
So when your foe's consciousness is at its most sensitive,
you strike with your most powerful sound wave.
That impact won't just momentarily startle your opponent.
It'll paralyze their nerves, immobilizing them for a while.
So this is what the world's greatest can do.
Well, I wasn't expecting much.
Now, then.
Second Unit: Irina Rescue Squad
We seem to be short some people.
Bitch-sensei!
She's breathing!
Take care of Bitch-sensei.
Why do I get stuck with all the shitty jobs?
Okay, let's rendezvous with the rest and get out of here!
Got it!
Tell you what, though,
I'm glad Bitch-sensei's all right.
Right?
Bitch... sensei?
I've been asleep for almost six months.
But now my eyes are open, thanks to him.
Time to put you out of commission.
Bitch-sensei... Are you serious?
Time for your final lesson, you brats.
Ow!
I stepped on a rock barefoot!
Sheesh. You oka—
N-No fair... Acting like you were hurt...
We were worried about you for... a...
Such is our experience gap, my little hatchlings.
I've seen far more than you: love and war alike.
What's this? You beat them all by yourself?
It's just like you said:
it's worthless to throw in with these children.
Exactly. We're from a whole different world.
While these children were breathing clear air,
we've been filling our lungs with the smell of gushing blood.
And what will you do?
Come quietly, or fight a hopeless battle?
Heh. Bring it on.
Let's go, Itona. Between the two of us, we'll clobber this clown!
I surrender.
Huh?
He's on a whole different level to us.
We have everything to lose by fighting him.
Itona...
I've learned something.
We can lose today.
We'll wait for our chance. Until we can win.
Nagisa...
I don't know how you're going to try killing Korosensei,
but will it really all go according to plan?
No matter how poor my intel, I'll still get results.
That's why I'm the world's best assassin.
Karasuma?
How did he figure it out?
The octopus said if there was ever a wall his students couldn't get over...
...then it'd be his turn.
This way.
This dog disguise gives me a natural way to track their scent!
What's natural about such an overgrown mutt?
The moon that floats in the night sky
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
I went to touch it: it was warm
sotto furete mita atatakakute And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo